I'm the only one who can be your host
Is there anything money can't solve? Choice.
How much do you want to buy? We're fine. You go get the money first.
You yourself, you carry your luggage after get off work,
Just go and do me a favor.
To be honest, you are the one who should have changed.
You are each other.
I don’t blame you all the time because Tianyu lied to your parents,
Go to a company or commit suicide?
Then what?
In fact, it’s not you Tianyu who criticizes people.
But your parents, it's best to explain it clearly to me.
Back then, my parents were happy to see your family and my father's family as instructors.
Mr. Chen, you and the three heads are here,
One day and the discovery of the car,
Not only did they set fire to the birds and chickens,
Killing a bird is three goals of human life
Then your mother went missing
What are you talking about?
My parents thought it was impossible to do such a thing
After my parents were raped several times
Forced to go upstairs by the police
It's ridiculous to choose suicide when you have no other choice
Are you a billionaire or do you know how to support your career through Lianying?
care about your conscience
He also took revenge on his own daughter